README.md, before:

# Weather-Dashboard

-got the initial setup and file folders straight
-set up a grid for the project
-pseudo code
-banner set up along with the css behind it
-making good progress, got the buttons to populate correctly dynamically
-got the html set up 
-local storage like a BOSS!
-making a lot of progress with the weather side of it.have the current set up and need to get to the UV index. I am saving the icons for later.
-have the five day forcast about straight. the icon on the main page is working and need to do the same on the five day
-got the uv index working correctly.  had problems with the order of operation and once I figured that out it was pretty smooth sailing.






link to deployed
https://daviddugle.github.io/Weather-Dashboard/


Photos
![First Photo](https://github.com/daviddugle/Weather-Dashboard/blob/main/assets/Photos/grid%20layout.jpg)
![Second Photo](https://github.com/daviddugle/Weather-Dashboard/blob/main/assets/Photos/Screenshot%202020-11-13%20161820.jpg)
![Third Photo]()

Commit message:

got the icons working like they should, may have a couple items to tweak.

README.md, after:

# Weather-Dashboard

This was a super challenging exercise. I felt like the best aveneue for me to approach it would be to attack small sections at a time. Pretty proud of how it turned out and my problem solving abilities.

-got the initial setup and file folders straight
-set up a grid for the project
-pseudo code
-banner set up along with the css behind it
-making good progress, got the buttons to populate correctly dynamically
-got the html set up 
-local storage like a BOSS!
-making a lot of progress with the weather side of it.have the current set up and need to get to the UV index. I am saving the icons for later.
-have the five day forcast about straight. the icon on the main page is working and need to do the same on the five day
-got the uv index working correctly.  had problems with the order of operation and once I figured that out it was pretty smooth sailing.
-got the icons sorted out now for the five day






link to deployed
https://daviddugle.github.io/Weather-Dashboard/


Photos
![First Photo](https://github.com/daviddugle/Weather-Dashboard/blob/main/assets/Photos/grid%20layout.jpg)
![Second Photo](https://github.com/daviddugle/Weather-Dashboard/blob/main/assets/Photos/Screenshot%202020-11-13%20161820.jpg)
![Third Photo](https://github.com/daviddugle/Weather-Dashboard/blob/main/assets/Photos/Screenshot%202020-11-13%20200851.jpg)
![Fourth Photo]()
